The thing that I found that encourages accountability is ownership. If
there's some task that you assigned with, if you're doing someone else's
task, then basically, uh, the credit will belong to that person
if it gets completed. However, if they say, um, Chief Anderson, this
is your job and, um, its success or failure depends on you, then
that actually puts ownership in my corner. And that makes me more accountable,
because I know that if it's unsuccessful, it's not gonna
go to him. That's something that you always have to think about as a
leader. Take on every task as if it's your own, and that way you always
be accountable for it on Did you get the credit as well as the
failures for it?